Latest News
The song god Liao Fan who disappeared for 5 years
Will make a comeback in the Rising Stars Finals
And take off the mask and show your true colors
I quickly got the money
You are out of my hand
Life has a rope
There is dust in the surface environment
And will be careful
Even brighter is the headline crossing a decade
I gave up everything in my previous life
Give up the king picture
Give up the music I love
Quit the music industry
I just want to live a simple life with you
100 Forbidden Areas for Chinese Orchestras in Past Lives
Isn't that enough to make you a queen?
Welcome to the Rising Stars show
Let's have singer Jiang Rou
Thank you very much.
Thank you for coming to the teacher's performance
Next, Mr. Chen of our new meeting
Just when you were on stage
Online news about you
There's a lot of buzz about it.
A lot of old fans are crying
It seems that the return to the position of the queen is just around the corner
God is waiting for such a backer
Chufan, what are you doing here?
I'm here to compete
Just you
Do you really think you can control the entertainment industry?
I can't control it.
Could it be that Chen Tianhao is
I never said I could control you
Don't think that Jiang Rou is a judge here
You can get robbed
Huimin is too greedy for himself
Put away your thoughts on those dark incense operations
Entertainment business
I know better than you
Don't think too highly of yourself
On the stage of a rising star
What you need are talented singers
And not a waste of you who clings to the powerful
You don't know yet
Mr. Chen is the master planner of this game
If he doesn't speak, no one will dare to let you advance
High and low is a elimination
Why come out and embarrass yourself?
It's not that he covers the sky with one hand
The stage for tomorrow's stars is looking for talent
Rather than the background
Isn't that talent?
Then tell me
Except for the few songs I wrote in those years
Beyond the drool of the street
What else do you have?
Miss Jiang has achieved so much
No progress in career
They are all Chufan who is dragged down by women
Instead of running around the little light like a clown here
Why don't you have the courage to save yourself now?
Next, please go
Can he control
We'll see.